readme.md, before:

# 51st VFW Mission Editing

This project provides mission editing and creation SOPs for the wing along with an index of
missions available through 51st VFW repositories.

Here, you will find,

- [Mission Editing SOPs](./documentation/missionsEditingSOPs.md) discuses 51st VFW SOPs and
  best practices for mission creation and construction in the wing.
- [Mission Editing Compendium](./documentation/missionsEditingGuide.md) provides a wealth
  of useful scripting material including documentation, frameworks, and reference scripts.
- [MapSOP Script](./51stMapSOP/readme.md) is a Lua script that provides support
  for common setup tasks (carriers, tankers, AWACS, etc.) consistent with 51st VFW SOP.

The templates and missions (links below) are also good sources of information.

## Missions

There are several 51st VFW repositories that contain a variety of mission templates and full
missions,

- [Public Mission Templates](https://github.com/51st-Vfw/MissionEditing-Templates)
  provides starting points for mission design based on 51st VFW SOPs.
- [Mission Templates](https://github.com/51st-Vfw/template-missions)
  provides starting points for mission design, not all are consistent with the 51st VFW SOPs
  this document outlines. This repository is private to the wing.
- [Missions](https://github.com/51st-Vfw/missions)
  provides a repository for 51st VFW missions. This repository is private to the wing.

In addition to the content in these repositories, there are several other references that are
part of other repositories (these are private to the wing at present),

- [MOOSE Super Carrier 101](https://github.com/51st-Vfw/supercarrier_cat_training) provides a
  basic template for MOOSE and supercarrier.

Some of the missions and templates adopt a helpful workflow for managing scripts and `.miz`
files given limitations and hassles of the DCS Mission Editor. A description of the workflow
is available
[here](https://github.com/51st-Vfw/MissionEditing-Templates/blob/master/NTTR%20Core/workflow.md).

Commit message:

Reorganized documentation for workflow material
Added workflow material here with SOPs. Slightly restructured things as well.

readme.md, after:

# 51st VFW Mission Editing

This repository provides mission editing and creation SOPs for the wing along with an index of
missions and templates available through 51st VFW repositories.

## SOPs & Tips

There are a range of SOPs and tips available to help mission designers out,

- [Mission SOPs](./documentation/me_sops.md)
  discuses 51st VFW SOPs and best practices for mission creation and construction.
- [Mission Workflow](./documentation/me_workflow.md)
  presents the 51st VFW mission design workflow to help build missions that follow the 51st
  VFW SOPs.
- [Mission Editing Compendium](./documentation/me_guide.md)
  provides a wealth of useful scripting material including documentation, frameworks, and
  reference scripts.
- [51st VFW MapSOP Script](./51stMapSOP/readme.md)
  is a Lua script that supports common setup tasks (carriers, tankers, AWACS, communications,
  etc.) consistent with 51st VFW SOP.

The templates and missions (links below) are also good sources of information.

## Missions & Templates

There are several 51st VFW repositories that contain a variety of mission templates and full
missions,

- [Public 51st VFW Mission Templates](https://github.com/51st-Vfw/MissionEditing-Templates)
  provides starting points for mission design based on 51st VFW SOPs. This repository is public.
- [Private 51st VFW Mission Templates](https://github.com/51st-Vfw/template-missions)
  provides starting points for mission design, not all are consistent with the 51st VFW SOPs.
  This repository is private to the wing.
- [Missions](https://github.com/51st-Vfw/missions)
  provides a repository for select 51st VFW missions. This repository is private to the wing.
- [MOOSE Super Carrier 101](https://github.com/51st-Vfw/supercarrier_cat_training) provides a
  basic template for MOOSE and supercarrier.

This material is helpful not only as starting points for mission designers but also as tools to
learn about scripting and so on.
